We will prototype the remote-control movement of our test vehicle. This will be done by incorporating Python movement scripts with ROS (Robot Operating System) framework. ROS will take movement input from the remote control and use that data to move our test vehicle forward and backward. The test vehicle will be developed with off-the-shelf parts using T-slotted aluminum framing rails procured from McMaster Carr. These rails are cost-effective and provide versatile mounting options. There will be four brushed DC motors, each attached to their own rubber wheel with 3D printed wheel mounts. The motors will be fastened to a basic rectangular mainframe by using 3D printed motor mounts produced by the ME team. 3D printing was chosen because it provides a quick way to prototype designs. Fastened to the top of the frame will be a sheet of Medium Density Fiberboard which provides a cost-effective surface that electronic components can easily be fastened to using drilled holes and zip ties. Specific risks that this prototype will address are that the team does not know if it can interface the Teensy microcontroller to our main computer, Jetson Nano, the team’s unfamiliarity with ROS, errors in the code, as well as the complexity of the software architecture. 

The hardware that will be procured for this prototype will be the Jetson Nano, which will function as our main computer, a Teensy 4.1 to generate PWM data for motors which will, an Xbox remote control for user movement inputs, an ethernet antenna for connected Jetson Nano to our network router, an 11.1 V LiPo battery for powering electronics and motors, one off the shelf DC–DC voltage converter for powering the Jetson Nano from the LiPo battery capable of 15W, 5V and 2A output. The motor controller chosen will be a two-channel Sabretooth brushed DC motor controller, four motor controllers will be ordered as recommended by advisors because brushed DC controllers are easy to destroy due to unforeseen current spikes. After talking with our mentors, the motors that will be procured will be four DC brushed motors with planetary gearing and have an output power range within 50W and 100W. The firmware that will be procured for this prototype is ROS (Robot Operating System) which will help data be passed throughout the system. The Arduino IDE will program the Teensy 4.1. This was chosen in case interfacing the Teensy 4.1 with the Jetson Nano does not work, we will be able to switch to an Arduino microcontroller without much trouble. We will also be using Python as our main autonomy software language. This requires a Python IDE such as PyCharm which will be procured via a free download from the official PyCharm website. Jean Michel, Jaquelyn, and Andrew will oversee incorporating the RC control python code with ROS to use turn user input into test vehicle movement. Josh and JP are responsible for coding the Teensy 4.1 microcontroller and interfacing it with the Jetson Nano. The plan to complete this prototype in the allotted time will be to follow the timeline that the team has made. Some tasks on this timeline are to have PWM to joystick position mapped for ROS to provide the correct PWM data to the Teensy 4.1 and Xbox controller python translator by October 29th. 

The tests to be performed will be the validation of robot speed to joystick position, validation by inspection of the correct orientation of the test vehicle’s movement with respect to the joystick position. We will also test the functionality of Teensy 4.1 as a peripheral of the Jetson Nano by validating that we can pass motor output data to the Teensy and have the motors spin at correct speeds according to joystick position. We will test the range of our router by measuring the maximum distance that our test vehicle can receive a signal while still operating at an optimal latency. An optimal latency can be defined as near-instantaneous response from our rover after inputting our manual command. 
